wouldn't you love it if there was a
simple hack that would help you grow
your e-commerce sales today hey everyone
i'm neil patel and today i'm going to
break down one e-commerce hack that will
increase your sales
no matter how good your product is or
how great your marketing is if shoppers
can't afford your product sales are
gonna tank today i'm gonna share with
you an e-commerce hack that has the
potential to unlock increased sales
it doesn't require any technical
knowledge and not only can attract more
customers but it can also help you
retain them as clients for a much longer
period now before we dive in today's
video is sponsored by paypal
according to grandview research the
value of the global ecommerce market
size exceeded 10 trillion dollars in usd
in 2020 and is forecasted to become
27.15 trillion usd by 2027 so if you
have an e-commerce shop and your
business hasn't been growing more
aggressively in the last two years you
need to level up your game and i'm gonna
help you do that
beyond just acquiring more traffic or
getting in front of more potential
buyers one thing that you can do is work
on improving your conversion rates when
you have an ecommerce shop there are
only so many levers that you can pull in
order to increase your conversions the
things that you can typically do are
improve your conversions by doing cro
recovering abandoned cards by having
great email marketing strategy offering
limited time discounts offering free
shipping having competitive pricing or
even using live chat or doing things
like improving your checkout flow
process or attracting great product
reviews and even optimizing for mobile
experience while these things are great
and they do make a big difference if
your ideal buyers can't afford your
product
you're going to struggle to just get a
handful of conversions
just so you have idea according to a
study by oberlo on average only 1.94
of ecommerce website visits convert into
a purchase and
69.57 of shopping carts are abandoned
that's a lot of people abandoning those
cards today i want to show you a payment
method that you can offer
to buyers pay in four with paypal
paym4 allows your customers to split
large purchases into four payments
interest-free and with no late fees it's
a great way for your customers to
increase financial flexibility and
access credit without paying interest
late fees or applying for a credit card
one of the biggest advantage of paying
for is that you'll be paid up front
while your customers can pay later
offering this payment method won't have
any additional cost to you if you're
already using paypal so you're not
really taking any additional risk
the industry is growing fast with 37.7
of us consumers choosing the option as
of july 2020. here are some tips for you
when implementing pay infor in your
ecommerce store
paying for is super easy to integrate
and to activate
if you're already using paypal for your
business you already have access to
paying for and there's no extra steps
for merchants to integrate make sure
that customers can see this payment
method
is available so that way they know add
the logo or approved messaging next your
add to cart button display this payment
option on the product page
include paying for approved messaging on
your checkout encourage your customers
to complete purchases by testing
different placements of this messaging
try out exit intent pop-ups that are
triggered when customers are leaving the
checkout telling them about this payment
option
keep an eye out on the same strategic
metrics that will tell you how well
paying for is working for you and that's
your overall conversion rates your total
sales your car abandonment rates your
average order value your customer
lifetime value if you're worried about
technical implementation of pay and form
messaging on your website you can add
the dynamic pay later messaging to your
site
with a single integration offered by
paypal this dynamic messaging will
display more relevant pay later offer to
your customers these metrics should be
affected when you compare customers who
use paying 4 against people who bought
using other payment methods a recent
survey by c plus r research revealed
that 51 of consumers say that they use
buy now pay later services during the
pandemic in the united states
this is especially relevant if you're
targeting millennials and generation z
customers
according to online study commissioned
by paypal 28 of consumers
ages 18 to 39 are more likely to shop at
a merchant again if they offer buy now
pay later option
if you're not offering paying for you're
missing out on a huge opportunity brands
like walmart sunglasses huh um
anthropology abercrombie urban
outfitters pelton casper and even warby
parker are using buy now pay later
options research conducted by forrester
and commissioned by paypal in november
shows that among b2c merchants they
interviewed 21 of their organization's
online sales come from a buy now pay
later solution
now if you have any questions about
paying for leave a comment below and
i'll make sure i answer and help you out
thanks for watching this video try it
out your conversion should go up